Chris. Perfect timing. Your assistant here was getting a little difficult, so I was just helping her find her place.
Training my assistant. It's not your job.
But, I...
John, please take Lucy to the tech department.
Miss Brown. This way, please.
Talk about this later.
What's the matter, fiance not doing it for you?
Should I get your lesson on your end, preferences?
Yeah. If you even know my preferences.
Enough. I handed in my resignation. We're done. Chris. We're engaged.
Listen. You of all people know that that is not romantic.
Okay, our family have been friends for many generations, and since the Brown family stock is sinking,
and their projects are failing, and now that I found out that Lucy is the one that helped stop the hackers yesterday.
Will Lucy is the one that helped stop the hackers?
Yes. And I also found out that she is Dr. T.
Which now makes her the technical supervisor of this company.